# Submitting your assignment
 

When you are ready to submit your assignment:

- Rename your project name using the naming convention **firstnameSurname** e.g. **maireadMeagher**. (inside IntelliJ)

- Zip the folder containing all the project files, and name the folder **firstnameSurname.zip**.  No WINRARs please!


- The final deadline for this assignment is **Sunday 8th  December, 2024 at 18:00 hours.**.

For flexibility, there are several options for interview and these are detailed below.  


## Last Week of lectures : `Interviews during lab time`

If you are ready to submit your work before or during this week's labtime, you can submit early and request an interview during your labs.


## Monday 9th  December: `Written Exam`

You will be asked to complete a written test which tests your knowledge of the code you have submitted. We plan to have this on Monday morning but a details of time and place will be confirmed nearer the time. 


## Tuesday 10th December: `On Campus Interviews`

The on campus interviews will take place on **Tuesday 10th December** from 9:15 onwards. (times to be confirmed) 

These are strictly on campus and no Zoom interviews will take place this day. 

Whereas you must be available for the exam and interview, in some cases (e.g. where the student has shown excellent knowledge of their code) we may waive the interview. (In that case the student will receive full marks for the 'interview' part) The schedule for the interviews will be published on Monday evening.   


## Interviews are Compulsory

It is **compulsory** that you are available for the in-class exam (unless you have been interviewed already and we have told you that you do not need to attend) and that you are available for interview on your submission the following day  in order to demonstrate both *Understanding* and *Authorship*.  

The grade for the interview is a multiplier for your assigment grade.  Should you fail to show for your interview, you will receive zero, resulting in an overall grade of zero for your submission.


