# Plan of attack and some key points


## Plan of Attack
The following is a suggest plan of attack to start and complete the assignment: 

1.	Create a new IntelliJ Project in the usual way.

2.	Write the Student class as per the spec
3.	Identify the methods in the Course Class that are required to add a new Student and list all Students
4.	Write these methods in the Course Class
5.	Identify the methods in the Driver class that are required to add Students to the system and show the menu to the user.
6.	Write these methods in the Driver Class

At this point your code should be running, and you should be able to add new Students to your system and you should be able to see the full menu but the menu items have no functionality yet.

7.	Working through the menu items, write the corresponding methods in your Course and Driver classes until all menu items are working correctly.
8.	Test your code!


## Some key points to remember when coding your assignment

- You **must** use the names given for the Classes and Methods; failure to do so will result in reduced marks.

- For all variables, methods and classes used, please adhere to the naming standards discussed in class.


- Don't forget that you can get IntelliJ to generate methods such as getters, setters, constructors and toString.  It is a good idea to generate these methods and then add the additional requirements (such as validation) manually.  This will free up some time for concentrating on other areas of the assignment. 

- There should be absolutely *NO* **System.out.println** or **ScannerInput** reads in any class except for the Driver class.  If you have any such interaction with the user in any class other than Driver, you will lose marks.  Instead, you should be returning information back to Driver to print it.  Or passing information read in Driver to other classes via method parameters.

- There should be absolutely *NO* use of **StringBuilder** 

- Do not use **Arrays.toString()** to display an array’s contents, instead loop through the array and build a custom string representation
