# Assignment Advice

## Before you start
Read the specification carefully.
If you have kept up to date with labs and lectures it will make lots of sense. It maybe slighly daunting otherwise.

## Getting Going
Start working on the assignment early.

It would be very unlikely that you could sit down and write a solution to your assignment in one go. Start small. Get something working. Then add to it. Comment your code as you go.

## Backups
Keep a backup each day/stage so if you totally mess up you always have your last working version from which to move on from again. e.g. ver1, ver2 etc.

## Time
You need to call a halt to your coding at some stage so that you can write up the reflection and make use of **line numbers**. When you finish coding, and **BEFORE** your start writing the reflection, **EDIT | AUTO FORMAT**

If you change the code after you write the reflection, you will need to update all the line numbers in your reflection.
Allow plenty of time for the reflection - I would suggest 1 day for the write up and submission. At a minimum you will need 2-3 hours.
*Bear in mind it's your reflection that use to direct what we mark.*

## Before Submitting

When you think you are ready to submit, in order to **maximise marks**, check the following: 

- Ensure you have covered all the elements mentioned in the **marking scheme / rubric**.

- Ensure that you have **NOT** used elements ruled out in the **constraints** section, or you will automatically receive a **FAIL** mark.

- Ensure specifically that your indentation is consistent. Processing will format code correctly if you use **Edit | AutoFormat**. As already stated, do this **BEFORE** completing your comments and reflection as line numbers will be incorrect otherwise (more on this later) 

- Write **comments** to explain what your animation does and particularly how tricky code works and what it does.

- Ensure that your name, student number and one sentence summary of your program, is written at the top of the main sketch file.

- You will submit 3 files:
	1. Commented code.
	2. Reflection.
	3. Readme


- Ensure that you have named the submission (zip) file according to the prescribed naming convention. 
- Read the submission tab. It gives examples of how each file/tab should be done