# Specification



You are asked to write code to produce a working animation of your choice. The aim of the assignment is for you to demonstrate your understanding of structures seen so far, so you are asked to include the following:

## Text
The drawing should incorporate white text.

At the top of the animation, display your **full name, and is displayed over your animation, so that you can see the name**

At the bottom of the animation, display your **student number** . **This should be  displayed over your drawing, so that you can see the number**

## Constraints
There are **constraints** on what you can and can not use. These will be listed in the Constraints tab.

## Aims

You should aim to demonstrate the following in your creation:

- The usual Processing class containing the **setup(), draw(), etc.**  

- **Sizing** the display window

- Use of **selection (if)**  (including use of else)

- Use of **iteration (loops).** (including nested loops)

- Use of **bespoke methods** that you define and write yourself (use examples of the different types)
 *e.g. similar to eyes(), drawX().* 
 *e.g. drawCell(), saveDrawingToFile().*
 *e.g. cubed()* *pickColor()*
 

- Use of **Processing methods** *e.g. circle(), random() *etc.

- Use of **Mouse methods** *e.g. mousePressed(), etc.*

- Use of **String methods** (e.g. *length(), charAt(), etc.*).



## Notes:
- consult the rubric/marking scheme to see how can maximize marks for each of the above. 

- The complexity/creativity/quality of the drawing is important i.e. higher quality will receive higher weighting factor. (see marking scheme).

