# Constraints

Have you ever tried to do a job with only a limited set of tools?

Well, that is what we are doing with this first assignment, we are limiting you're available tools to what we have studied. This is particularly relevant to those who may have studied programming before. **You may only use the materials we've covered up to and including Strings for this assignment**. 

We include constraints to help avoid plagiarism, as well as providing a challenge for those who have studied programming before. The goal is to see what you can apply after what you've learned to date (as opposed to finding a solution which is frowned upon). 

On the **#programming-assignments** channel in Slack, you can ask about using different features if you want clarification and we will respond there for all to see. When in doubt, Ask! 

As a general rule if we didn't cover it/mention it, don't use it.


# Elements RULED IN for this assignment:
Although not covered explicitly you may use any of the follow from the [processing reference](https://processing.org/reference/)

- 2d primitives
- Operators (arithmetic, logic, boolean)
- Trigonometry
- Constants (from the Processing library e.g. PI)
- Primitive Data Types (including **color** which allows you to store RGB values in a variable of type color)
- Data Conversion
- random()
- rotate()
- translate()
- color()
- frameCount (although not recommended)
- charAt() 
- global variables
- line() - this is not included as one of your 3 Processing shapes
- rectMode()
- ellipseMode()
- int()


# Elements RULED OUT for this assignment:

You are not allowed use any of the following: 

- Objects (except **String** which is required)
- 3d Renderers
- Arrays
- Collections
- PShape
- PImage
- Materials
- Font
- casting (**NB. use of int() is allowed**)
- Transforms other than those highlighted in previous section
- pushMatrix()
- popMatrix()
- JOptionPane() 
- PVector
- randomSeed()
- noLoop

Using any of these will lead to failure of the assignment. 
