# Marking Scheme / Rubric

THIS MAY CHANGE FOR CLARITY.

There are two components to your overall mark:

- Structure of code
- Complexity/Quality

*Please read below regarding **self assessment** & **interviews**.*


## Structure of Code "Rubric" (100 Marks)

Part | Description | Marks     
-----|-------------|-----------|
a | **Comments, indentation/formatting, naming, structure of code, inclusion of both 'Readme and Reflection'.** | **(9)**
b | **Working animation** <br> i.e. inclusion of the usual Processing sketch containing the draw(), setup(), use of size()etc.  | **(6)**
c | Use of **if** statements | **(10)**
d | Use of **loops** (including nested loops) | **(20)**
e | Use of different types of **bespoke methods** that you defined and wrote yourself <br>  e.g. eyes(), drawX().   | **(20)**
f | Use of **Processing methods** <br> e.g. random(). | **(10)**
g | Use of **Mouse methods** <br> e.g. mousePressed().| **(10)**
h | Use of **String methods** <br> e.g. length().| **(10)**
i | final product (artistic value, originality, innovativeness, creativity, polish) | **(5)**

For marking purposes, all parts are exclusive, meaning examples won't be counted twice for marking. e.g. string and mouse methods used won't also be counted as processing methods, you'll need to use others.

Code that is not integral/meaningful to your solution will not be counted. Only code that prepares for /or outputs to the display window is meaningful in this application. The console is not.

*e.g. including a nested for loop from the notes to output to the console will receive 0 marks.*

## Detailed Analytical Rubric
While we won't always have an analytical rubric, on this occassion we do to help you see exactly how all the marks are applied. This will be provided after the first week of the assignment. You may decide to modify your solution to maximize marks after reading the detailed analytical rubric. However, your should focus on solving the initial specification first.



## Complexity/Quality (10 Marks)

This is a mark out of 10 based on the complexity of the problem solved/code. So you will get more marks if the creation is more involved than one that is very simple. Please do not confuse an elegant solution of a complex problem with a simple problem.

e.g. using a loop instead of 20 lines of code.

e.g. using nested loops

e.g. calling user defined methods within a loop/nested loop

e.g. creativity of the artwork produced and is similar or different everytime the program is run
 

## How is the final mark calculated?
 
The final mark is calculated by multiplying the two component marks and dividing by 10. This means that complexity is a multiplier so a weakness in that will negatively affect your grade. Expect the simplest of solutions to be 4/10

 Example:
 
 - Structure of code = 80/100
 - Complexity/Quality = 9/10
 - Pre-interview  mark = (80 by 9)/10 = 72%


## Interview (and subsequent grade calculation)

We will interview you in the weeks after submission, during your lab classes. This interview is to ascertain that the work is your own and that you understand how all parts work.  You may be asked any questions on : 

- Any of the code.
- How you decided on your creation.
- How you developed your creation; where did you start first, etc?
- Anything else.

You will be given a mark out of 10 for the interview.  This mark will be a multiplier of your overall grade.  Note for the same code, there maybe very different final marks highlighted by the following examples:

### Example 1:
 
 - Structure of code = 80/100
 - Complexity/Quality = 9/10
 - Interview = 10/10 
 - Final mark = (80 by 9 by 10)/100 = 72%

### Example 2:
 
 - Structure of code = 80/100
 - Complexity/Quality = 9/10
 - Interview = 8/10
 - Final mark = (80 by 9 by 8)/100 = 57.6%

### Example 3:
 
 - Structure of code = 80/100
 - Complexity/Quality = 9/10
 - Interview = 0/10
 - Final mark = (80 by 9 by 8)/100 = 0%

0 might be given if for example during the course of the interview it is established that author cannot explain his/her code at all, or where it is established that it is not the student's work.
Failure to be present for the interview will also result in the interview multiplier of 0 being applied. 

### Example 4:
 
 - Structure of code = 80/100
 - Complexity/Quality = 9/10
 - Interview = 3/10
 - Final mark = (80 by 9 by 3)/100 = 21.6%

**Example 4** shows how breaking a the constraints will be marked - i.e. if you ignore the constraints, we will mark your code and automatically apply 3/10 for the Interview without needing to interview you. We may interview you but the interview mark will not be higher than 3/10 .